I would like to announce my candidacy for election to the OpenStack
Technical Committee.

By way of introduction, I am[1] a relatively recent arrival to
OpenStack; I've been working on Trove since just before Icehouse. I
was the PTL of the project for the Newton cycle, and was recently
elected to a second term as the PTL for the Ocata cycle. I am also
active in the Stewardship Working Group (SWG)[2].

I believe that a place on the TC is an opportunity to serve the
OpenStack community. An important aspect of leadership is something
called 'servant leadership', the notion that leaders are there to
serve the rest of their constituents. This is also a concept central
to the SWG which I am a part of. If elected to the TC, it would be my
privilege to serve all of you.

What does that mean?

The charter of the OpenStack Technical Committee[3] charges the TC
with providing 'technical leadership'.

There are however a number of questions that must be answered such as
"What is OpenStack", and I submit to you that these are not
necessarily just 'technical'. The TC has been spending a lot of time
trying to answer some of these.

Some of this makes total sense, but then there are are questions about
what 'maturity' is, and who an 'active reviewer' is. The TC has been
spending an inordinate of time trying to decide what metrics or
attributes of a contributor it can measure, and then proceeding to
define activity and maturity in terms of those things.

I submit to you that these latter things are a huge distraction.

In the process, I believe that there are significant 'technical'
issues that have paid the penalty, for example the notion of cross
project goals (series goals [4]), one that I strongly believe are
meaningful and within the scope of the TC.

If elected to the TC, I would like to use my position to urge the TC
to spend more time on the important things like "How do we make
OpenStack better for users", and "How can we make a cross-project goal
for python3 work", and less of its time on the distractions that have
been numerous of late.

In a nutshell, I'd like to put more of the "technical" back into the
"Technical Committee", and re-focus it on serving the OpenStack
community, the very essence of Stewardship.

Thank you for your reading, and I appreciate your support, and giving
me the opportunity to SERVE YOU on the Technical Committee.

-amrith

[1] http://www.openstack.org/community/members/profile/15733
[2] https://governance.openstack.org/resolutions/20160705-stewardship.html
[3] https://governance.openstack.org/reference/charter.html
[4] https://review.openstack.org/#/c/349068/
