Greetings,

I've been working on OpenStack for over 5 years (since the Diablo release!); in
that time, I have served multiple terms as the PTL for Keystone, which included
a seat on the Technical Committee, and remain a core contributor, stable/*
branch reviewer, and on our core-sec (security) group. I'd be honored to return
to serve our community on the OpenStack Technical Committee.

My primary goals in all my OpenStack-related pursuits are to help other
contributors, and improve the lives of our operators and end users.

In pursuit of that goal, I've performed thousands of code reviews, personally
mentored dozens of new contributors that have gone on to do truly great things
in our community, contributed lots of documentation for developers, operators,
and end users, and I've done my best to consistently raise the bar for the
OpenStack community wherever I can.

While I've always worked upstream and purely open source, I'm currently serving
as a technical leader within the OpenStack Innovation Center (OSIC), a joint
partnership between Rackspace and Intel aimed at driving enterprise adoption of
OpenStack, for both identity and, more recently, upgrades across all projects.

Upgrading OpenStack across major releases has historically proven to be one of
the most difficult challenges in operating both public and private clouds. As a
community, we've made a lot of progress over the years to make upgrading
faster, more predictable, and more reliable with projects like reno,
oslo.versionutils, oslo.config, alembic, oslo.versionedobjects, and grenade. So
if you're one of the three or four deployers on the last user survey [1] that
still has an Essex deployment hiding in the closet, then I trust that your next
attempt at an upgrade should fare much better!

That said, I believe the next major step at improving the upgrade process for
operators and end users is in reducing, and ultimately eliminating, downtime
during upgrades. As a member of the TC, I intend to push us closer to achieving
rolling upgrades in every service with zero-downtime, and get us as close as
possible to upgrades having zero negative impact on end users.

Finally, I'd like to share a reminder that I give to every new contributor:
OpenStack is not just code; it's a community. The Technical Committee therefore
serves to provide governance and leadership within that community, and it's in
all of our best interests for our TC members to take that to heart.

-Dolph (dolphm)

Stackalytics: http://stackalytics.com/?user_id=dolph&release=all
Gerrit: https://review.openstack.org/#/q/owner:4
Foundation Profile: https://www.openstack.org/community/members/profile/63
Freenode: dolphm
Twitter: https://twitter.com/dolphm

[1] http://www.openstack.org/assets/survey/April-2016-User-Survey-Report.pdf
