I am announcing my candidacy for PTL for the Release Management team
for the Newton release cycle.

My goal for the release team during Mitaka was to automate more of the
work with a review process that allows projects to be self-service,
with some lightweight oversight to manage release timing, version
numbers, and messaging. We made excellent progress on that work,
standardizing the implementation of release tagging so that release
managers only have to type a few easy commands to process a
release. We dropped our use of Launchpad milestones in favor of the
new http://releases.openstack.org site, which provides a new central
place to learn about all of the components of a release. We have
standardized most teams on one of two release models, clearly
communicating to contributors and consumers of the projects what sorts
of releases are expected and how the release schedule affects the
project. We also rolled out reno for managing release notes, and have
already started seeing success with projects communicating upgrade
impact, deprecations, and new features early and clearly.

My goals for the Newton cycle are to finish the release automation by
working with the Infrastructure team so that approving a release
request in gerrit triggers the release and there are no more manual
steps. I also propose, when that work is complete, to expand the
release automation's use beyond managed projects to be used by default
for all official projects. Finally, I plan to implement translations
for release notes, an important feature we had for past releases but
that did not make it into this release.
