Hello, everyone!

First of all, I would like to thanks all the previous Keystone PTLs,
core reviewers and contributors who have made OpenStack and Keystone
what they are today. It is been a pleasure for me to work in this team
and learn with you all. I would be honored to be your PTL during the
next development cycle.

That said, I would like to put my name forward as a candidate for PTL
during the Ocata release.

I have been involved in OpenStack since the Icehouse release and I have
been a core reviewer on Keystone since the Mitaka release. During the
Newton cycle, I also served as the Keystone cross-project liaison and
participated as a mentor for the Outreachy program.

My main focuses have been helping new developers to contribute to the
project and improving documentation. I have been doing my best to review
elected priorities, helping the team to deliver what was scoped to the
release cycle.

Given that the Ocata development window is shorter, my main goal for
Ocata is to focus on the stability and usability of the project. My
primary subgoals include a) tackling the issue with long-running
operations and token expiry, b) keeping up the good work on improving
api-ref docs and creating the api-guide docs, and c) ensuring Keystone
is a friendly place for new contributors to get started. Other subgoals
that are nice to have but still important are d) broadening our tests
environments to include functional tests for LDAP backends, auditing,
and federated identity workflows, and e) making the default RBAC
authorization more granular.

Thank you,
Samuel de Medeiros Queiroz
