
Hello,

A few weeks ago I made a [blog posting][1] in which I wrote about the
issues I would consider important to address if I were a member of the
Technical Committee. Several people encouraged me to act on my concerns
and actually run.

[1]: https://anticdent.org/if-i-were-on-the-openstack-tc.html

Therefore, I'd like to submit my candidacy for election to the Technical
Committee. I think the health of the TC and OpenStack in general is
dependent on a diversity of strong opinions from people who are willing
to be convinced they may be incorrect. I like to think I have plenty of
opinions. I am eager to have the interactions that will weaken some
opinions and strengthen others.

To summarize the blog posting linked above: I am concerned with not just
maintaining but increasing the quality of the OpenStack experience for
the people who install and use it and, critically, for the people who
build it. To achieve this we need to have a clear idea about what
OpenStack is and who it is for. Trying to be everything to all people
results in diffuse effort and difficulty making decisions when,
inevitably, compromises and sacrifices must be made in our resource
constrained world.

By being more clear to ourselves and others about what OpenStack is we
can be more effective about what we are doing and more useful when
building bridges with other communities.

In practical terms this will require determining the constraints on
the big tent. I expect this will be the major work of the TC in the
immediate future and I'd like to be a part of it as a representative of
the community.

If you have specific questions about my goals, my background or anything
else, please feel free to ask. I'm on IRC as cdent or send some email.
Thank you for your consideration.
