I am seeking re-election as Documentation PTL for Mitaka.

I had a great time as incoming PTL for Liberty, and would love another term,
if you'll have me.

Liberty was a great release for documentation. Our main achievement was
converting four more books to RST, with the Install Guide happening almost
completely over a 48 hour period. This has had some great feedback from the
community, with a lot of developers who haven't contributed to documentation
before now doing so. For Mitaka, I would like to continue the RST conversion,
with plans to migrate the Operations and Architecture Guides next.

One of the things I wanted to focus on during the Liberty cycle was the
information architecture of our books, to ensure we're delivering content that
our readers can really use. To this end, I'm happy to report that we completed
an overhaul of the User Guides during the Liberty Release,. We also made some
significant changes to the Installation Guide, including changing the way we
document networking scenarios, one of the trickiest parts of the installation.

Since the Kilo release in April, the documentation team has released fixes for
493 bugs. We've also focused on squashing some old bugs. Through a concerted
effort we've managed to kill all bugs older than a year (with a few wishlist
exceptions), and closed a lot of the year old ones. I've also been working
with Foundation on an organised effort to continue this process of paying down
technical debt and improve on the work we've done through Liberty. I'll be
making some exciting announcements about this at Summit.

I was very excited to meet so many of the documentation team in Vancouver,
and had the privilege of welcoming a couple of new Docs ATCs during the
Summit. I can't wait to see you all again in Tokyo, and hope to meet some new
faces there.

I'd love to have your support for the PTL role for Mitaka, and I'm looking
forward to continuing to grow the documentation team.

Lana (@Loquacities)