It's time for the Community App Catalog to go through an
official election cycle, and I'm putting my name in for PTL.
I've been filling that role provisionally since before the
App Catalog was launched at the Vancouver summit, and I
would like to continue service as PTL officially.  Now that
we've joined the Big Tent[1], having a committed leader is
more important than ever :) .

I believe the App Catalog has tremendous potential for
helping the end-users of OpenStack clouds find and share
things they can deploy on those clouds.  To that end, I've
been working with folks on extending the types of assets
that can live in the catalog and also trying to make finding
and consuming those assets easier.

Since we announced the Community App Catalog I've done
everything I could to deliver on the "community" part.  With
the help of the OpenStack Infra team, we moved the site to
OpenStack infrastructure as quickly as possible.  All
planning and coordination efforts have happened on IRC
(#openstack-app-catalog), the dev and operators mailing
list, and during the weekly IRC meetings[2].  I've also been
working to get more people engaged and involved with the
Community App Catalog project while attempting to raise the
profile and exposure whenever possible.

Speaking of community, I know being part of the OpenStack
community at a broad level is one of the most important
things for a PTL.  On that front I'm active and always
available on IRC (docaedo), and do my best to stay on top of
all the traffic on the dev mailing list.  I also work with
Richard Raseley to organize the OpenStack meetup in Portland
in order to reach, educate (and entertain) people who want
to learn more about OpenStack.

The next big thing we will do for the Community App Catalog
is to build out the backend so it becomes a more engaging
experience for the users, as well as makes it easier for
other projects to contribute and consume the assets.  In
addition to the Horizon plugin[3][4] (check it out with
devstack, it's pretty cool!) we are thinking through the API
side of this and will eventually contribute the code to
search, fetch and push from the OpenStack Client.

All of this is to say that I'm eager and proud to serve as
the Community App Catalog PTL for the next six months if
you'll have me!

[1] https://review.openstack.org/#/c/217957/
[2] https://wiki.openstack.org/wiki/Meetings/app-catalog
[3] https://github.com/stackforge/apps-catalog-ui
[4] https://github.com/openstack/app-catalog-ui
