I'd like to submit my candidacy for the TC Election.

I've been involved with OpenStack since the beginning of the Folsom
release. We may have worked together on parts of Nova, Tempest,
DevStack, Grenade, or in generally debugging failures in the upstream
gate in OpenStack. Or from things like the gerrit-dash-creator that
makes it easy for teams to build custom review dashboards.

I'm a strong believer in the Big Tent approach to OpenStack. I was one
of the early instigators of that conversation [1], which as with all
things got better with more smart people involved in it. I'm also a
strong believer that the longevity of the OpenStack project is about
having a solid and small on ramp that gets OpenStack in as many places
as possible. And a clear path to expand it over time. This was one of
the reasons I believed the compute-starter-kit was an important tag
that the TC bless [2].

Over the past year I've spent time on decomposing and modularizing
OpenStack components. We no longer test all the projects and all the
libraries in one giant gate queue. We now have a plugin framework for
DevStack and Grenade that makes it easier for people to expand on top
of it.

I've also been focussing on the API side of OpenStack. In the API
working group, and on the Nova project. I helped define the
Micro-version approach that is used in Nova, and has been adopted by
other projects in OpenStack [3]. This has openned up a new way for
projects to evolve their API while not breaking existing applications.

Over the next couple of cycles my focus is going to be interop, with
an eye on the Service Catalog and the API of projects. I hope to do
that work with a broad range of contributors to make the end user
experience of OpenStack much better.

In my role at Hewlett Packard I've got the freedom to work on many of
these larger issues in the way that works best for the community.

If this is the kind of voice that you would like on the TC, please
feel free to vote for me. It would be my honor and pleasure to
continue to represent you, and the mission to expand OpenStack's
reach, on the TC.

       -Sean

--
Sean Dague
irc: sdague

1. https://dague.net/2014/08/26/openstack-as-layers/
2. http://governance.openstack.org/reference/tags/compute_starter_kit.html
3. https://dague.net/2015/06/05/the-nova-api-in-kilo-and-beyond-2/

Review history: https://review.openstack.org/#/q/reviewer:2750,n,z
Commit history: https://review.openstack.org/#/q/owner:2750,n,z
Stackalytics: http://stackalytics.com/?user_id=sdague
OpenHUB: https://www.openhub.net/accounts/sdague
