It's time to toss my hat into the ring for Infrastructure PTL, if
you'll have me. I wasn't around at the beginning like my illustrious
predecessors, but I've been a core reviewer and root sysadmin for
OpenStack's community-maintained project infrastructure these past
three years. In that time it's been my pleasure to help further the
tremendous growth we've experienced as a team and within the
OpenStack community as a whole.

    https://wiki.openstack.org/user:fungi

As a free software idealist I'm proud not only of what we accomplish
but how we manage to do so without compromising on our standards of
transparency and openness, even when it may inconveniently highlight
new problems we also need to solve. The Infrastructure team serves
as a shining example of how communities can effectively collaborate
and produce while not relying on crutches of proprietary, commercial
tools. Expect me to continue encouraging our community to make the
hard choice in favor of free tools, of being a helpful downstream
for the communities of the tools we use, and of acting as a
responsible upstream to those who wish to reuse the tools we've
written to make our own work possible.

Hurtling now headlong into the Big Tent, our team is facing new and
interesting scaling challenges. I won't claim to possess easy
answers to the dilemmas awaiting us, but am confident in our ability
to solve them and will do everything I can to support you all to
that end. Great strides have already been made toward reorganizing,
delegating and distributing our decision making, and I expect us to
continue in those efforts as well as whatever new solutions we will
inevitably identify together.

The PTL's role is that of a communicator, facilitator, coordinator
and mentor; if these are the ways you'd like to see me spend the
next six months, then I'd appreciate your vote.
