I am announcing my candidacy for PTL for the Release Management team
for the Mitaka release cycle.

Although I only formally joined the release management team during the
Liberty cycle, I have been active in release-related activities for
much longer while serving as the PTL for Oslo. I worked with the
release and infrastructure teams to develop the release tools and
processes we use for Oslo libraries, and applying them to other
projects that now manage libraries. I am a core reviewer on the
requirements repository, and this cycle I started the work on
automating project releases using the new openstack/releases
repository. I was also involved in the process of moving server
projects away from date-based versioning to using quasi-semantic
versioning. Late in the Liberty cycle I started building reno, a new
release note management tool, based on some requirements we gathered
within the release team.

My goal for the release team during Mitaka is to automate more of the
work with a review process that allows projects to be self-service,
with some lightweight oversight to manage release timing, version
numbers, and messaging. I would like to complete the work we have
started in the releases repository to allow project teams to ask for
releases at any point in the cycle, thereby encouraging them to shift
from a milestone-based to “intermediate” release model. Changing
release models will reduce the effort required to create a release by
removing some of the pressure to synchronize the activities of all
projects on milestones and make it easier to release more often, while
still giving us the benefits of stable branches for longer-term
maintenance of selected versions. Milestones can become guidelines,
rather than hard deadlines.
