I'm excited to be running again for Community App Catalog PTL, so I
better make an official announcement before time runs out!

During the last cycle I've had time to get a lot more involved with
the folks helping to drive the expansion of the ecosystem around
application developers using OpenStack.  Through that I've been
talking to a lot more people who develop cloud-agnostic applications,
and that's given me a much better perspective on what I believe the
Community App Catalog should be delivering to the community at large.

The biggest thing we need is to offer an API that will allow people to
add and manage their submissions programatically.  To that end our
project has seen a ton of commitment and effort from Kirill Zaitsev,
Sergey Skripnick and Mike Fedosin (among others).  We still expect to
transition to using Glare for our backend before the Barcelona summit,
and believe that will provide a great experience for users who want to
take advantage of the new features.

Looking ahead to the next cycle, aside from continuing to coordinate
the efforts on the "transition to Glare" front, we still need to get
more publicity for the Community App Catalog.  I believe continuing to
be closely involved with the working groups centered around
application developers will help with this.  I'm also excited to work
with Igor Marnat to lay the foundation for a CI/CD pipeline tailored
to application developers[1].  Aside from those efforts, I always
welcome suggestions and feedback on how we can continue to build up
the community of developers using OpenStack clouds.

Hope to see you on IRC (#openstack-app-catalog) and in person in
Barcelona!

[1]:
http://lists.openstack.org/pipermail/openstack-dev/2016-May/095917.html
